Guides: how to import a private project using an ssh key (#8336)
readthedocs/readthedocs.org: docs/guides/private-submodules.rst

.. note::

   - You can manage which submodules Read the Docs should clone using a configuration file.
     See :ref:`config-file/v2:submodules`.

   - Make sure you are using ``SSH`` URLs for your submodules
     (``git@github.com:readthedocs/readthedocs.org.git`` for example)

>      in your ``.gitmodules`` file, not ``http`` URLs.

Reviewer: nit: I think having 2 different notes is more visible and easier to parse while reading.

   #. Click on :guilabel:`SSH and GPG keys`
   #. Click on :guilabel:`New SSH key`
   #. Put a descriptive title and paste the
      :ref:`public SSH key from your Read the Docs project <guides/importing-private-repositories:copy your project's public key>`
   #. Click on :guilabel:`Add SSH key`

Azure DevOps
------------

> Azure DevOps doesn't have per-project keys.

Reviewer 2: You could probably either drop this section, as it's not providing any particular advice, or maybe expand the explanation here a bit more. Missing bits of information from this section are:

* SSH keys are instead attached to users
* As long as the user has access to your repository and all submodule repositories, RTD can clone all the repos with the same key

Author: Changed the content to include your suggestions :+1:

If you already :ref:`added the SSH key from the main project <guides/importing-private-repositories:azure devops>`,
you don't need to do anything else.

Others
------

GitLab and Bitbucket allow you to reuse the same SSH key across different repositories.
Since Read the Docs already added the public SSH key on your main repository,

> you only need to add it to each repository of your submodules.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
you only need to add it to each submodule repository.
```

> See :ref:`guides/importing-private-repositories:Add the public key to your project`
> for more information for these and other providers.

Reviewer 2: I like using the `seealso` directive for sentences like this. It's always awkward to author a sentence that basic just says "see this link for more information".

```suggestion
.. seealso::
    :doc:`guides/importing-private-repositories`
        How to manually connect your repository to Read the Docs
```

Azure DevOps
------------

> Azure DevOps has per-user keys,
> as long as the user has access to your main repository and all its submodules,

Reviewer 2: :+1: I'd say break this up a bit more to prevent running on in the sentence too much. Also, assuming devops calls them "repositories" here -- not sure if that is accurate.

```suggestion
Azure DevOps does not have per-repository SSH keys, but keys can be added to a user instead.
As long as this user has access to your main repository and all its submodules,
```

Author: yes, they call them repositories.
